=== Welcome to Somatics3

Somatics3 is next generation open source scaffolding template that kick-starts your next Rails project. 
Active development has started in July 2010; new features, enhancements, and updates appear
on daily basis.

Here are the steps to get Somatics up and running on your system.

Somatics3 Support Rails 3 Now!


=== System Requirements

* Ruby v1.8.7 or v1.9.2
* Ruby on Rails v3.0+ 
* MySQL v4.1.1 or later (v5+ is recommended) or SQLite v3.4 or later


== Getting Started

1. Install \Somatics at the command prompt if you haven't yet:

    gem install somatics3-generators

2. At the command prompt, create a new \Somatics application:

    somatics new myapp

   where "myapp" is the application name.

3. Change directory to +myapp+ and start the web server:

    cd myapp; rails server

   Run with <tt>--help</tt> for options.
   
4. Open up http://localhost:3000/admin  and login with username ‘admin’ and password ‘somatics’.

=== Downloads

* Git source code repository: git://github.com/inspiresynergy/somatics3-generators.git
* .zip or .tgz archives: http://github.com/inspiresynergy/somatics3-generators/downloads

=== Resources

* Home page: http://www.somaticsapp.com
* Project page: http://github.com/inspiresynergy/somatics3-generators/tree/master
* Features and bugs: http://somatics.lighthouseapp.com
* Twitter commit updates: http://twitter.com/somaticsapp
* Discussion group for developers: http://groups.google.com/group/somaticsapp
* IRC channel: #somaticsapp on irc.freenode.net

=== Generate the Admin Model

You can test drive Somatics by generating models. 

   $ rails generate somatics:scaffold products title:string description:text

Among other things the generator creates admin user records and administration panels. 
You can log in the admin panel using the default login and password.(+admin+/+password+)
The admin site is at http://localhost:3000/admin .

=== Deploying The App

TODO

=== For Developers

TODO

=== Features

Somatic is open source software and relies on your contributions to grow!

http://github.com/inspiresynergy/somatics3-generators

GitHub always contains the latest BaseApp code. Fork your own development branch here if you wish to contribute code.

Pull requests should be send to ‘inspiresynergy’ to include them in the main Somatics code base.

http://inspiresynergy.lighthouseapp.com/projects/53315-somatics/overview

Bug reports and feature requests should be posted in LightHouse.

Bugs always have priority over new features! But, you’re free to help out with whatever you want.

=== Credits

Somatics is developed by Inspire Synergy – Benjamin Wong, Gary Or and a whole bunch of cool contributors.

Somatics is released to the public under the MIT license.
